1 (2s):
Lowe's knows July 4th savings are worth celebrating. Right now, get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off, two or more Select major appliances plus get three Scott's Nature scapes, 1.5 cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details. Excludes Alaska and Hawaii.

0 (30s):
All right. Hey guys, it's Tim Miller from The Bulwark. I'm back here with Andrew Egger. There was this news item out of the White House that I think is worth all of us kind of focusing on what, what it is that they're doing and why they're doing it. It's related to Andrew Tate. He's a self-described misogynist influencer. He's kind of like the worst of the bros and the manosphere. And he had been arrested in 2022. He was charged with human trafficking, sexual misconduct, and money laundering, as well as starting an organized crime group. He denies wrongdoing, but since then he has had travel restrictions as a result of these charges by the Romanian authorities and the Trump administration today decided that they wanted to get involved with that.

0 (1m 16s):
They're pressuring the Romanians to lift the restrictions to let Andrew Tate free to spread his bile. Andrew, what, what do we, Andrew Egger, not Andrew Tate. What do you think about that? You're namesake.

2 (1m 27s):
I mean, this is one of those that's just like, can we get one story out of this white house that is not just like the, the stupidest violist most like cruel, most evil? I mean, I just like, so this, this guy, I don't know, I I don't, we were talking a little bit about this. I don't know like how much you have paid attention to Andrew Tate, but I mean like, like truly, truly like the worst of the worst. This kind of person who like is, is just truly vile on a personal level in, in terms of like his own life. And then also just like an insanely toxic presence as like a member of the public life. He, he's a former kickboxer turned like in his own estimation drug pusher for a while, who then, you know, stood up a, a webcam business and made like an insane amount of money basically pimping out women that he would like pick up across Europe.

2 (2m 15s):
Like, like poor women who he would like kind of entice into a supposed life of, of like luxury and just better things than they were accustomed to, who he would then basically like entrap into these abusive relationships and, and make, do webcam modeling for, for his company and make him a bunch of money. I mean, like, it's like a bad, bad person who then kind of became like, like you say this manosphere influencer whose basic like message to, to a bunch of like to an audience of high school boys is basically like all of the things that are good about society are actually just shackles for you to cast off. You know, a no, you shouldn't work. You shouldn't like, like have a respectable normal life. You need to realize that those things are constraints on alphas like you and you need to, to, you know, like just go out and like be horrible to women and be a terror or society and just sort of like, let your 14-year-old Id like determine the rest of the course of your entire life.

2 (3m 8s):
I mean, he's just like a bad person in a

0 (3m 10s):
Million ways. Yeah, I'm a realist. When you're a realist, you're sexist. There's no way you can be rooted in reality and not be sexist. Women are intrinsically lazy. You

3 (3m 18s):
Can't slander me. 'cause I will state right now that I'm absolutely sexist and I'm absolutely a misogynist. Only should women clean up, women should clean up unprompted. If you're the kind of person who feels like they need therapy, you're useless. Never say you going to bed. Going to bed is masculine by masculine standards. The majority of beautiful women are loser. I like Trump. He's grabbing bitches by the, I like

0 (3m 37s):
That guy. There's no such thing as being an independent female. If you're gonna be an alpha, you should be spreading your seed as wide as possible, not just with one woman. I mean, it's just a taste. I, I don't, I don't have it in front of me in this article, but I feel like he's also been kind of like anti anti hemophilia. Well, no,

2 (3m 54s):
That's, that's a big part of the, the kind of like actual like criminal stuff against him is that some of these girls that he was, you know, in a personal relationship with and, and then making perform for his company were underage at the time. You know, and, and yeah, I mean just like,

0 (4m 8s):
So maybe Profy you feel maybe I was too kind to him to say. Yeah,

2 (4m 11s):
Yeah. But, but also like in his own personal, I mean, he, he, he has talked about all this stuff on podcasts and stuff, you know, it's in his own voice all over the place. And like you just, you you, you continue to scratch and scratch and it's just vile thing after vial thing. It's his whole brand and he's been doing it for years. Anyway, the one other important thing is that he kinda likes Donald Trump. And so like that's, that is kind of like the, the main thing here, right? Is like, he's kind of like a test case, like an edge case maybe for like, is there any human being in the world who would embrace the Trump train, who Trump would not be like, good enough for me? You know what I mean? Like that's kind of the like, like clearly no.

0 (4m 46s):
If, if,

2 (4m 47s):
If, if Andrew Tate were Andrew Tate, you know, down to his bones, but also weirdly like coconut pilled in the last cycle. I don't think he'd be getting the call. Maybe you disagreed him, but like, I think, don't you think that's kind of the main thing here is like he he's just posting about Trump all the time and you know, that that that that that gets you something in this day and age.

0 (5m 5s):
Yeah, I do. I, and I think it's not a test, it's an affirmation of the fact that there is like, not, like there's no level of awful you could be that Trump and his and his cronies would not make apologies for you as long as you put on the MAGA hat. I think that that, you know, that theory has been, has been tested and proven true over and over again at this point. Yeah. To me,

2 (5m 26s):
We're not even, we're not even learning anything at this point, right? It's not like, oh, this shows us something new. It's just, it's just like yet another, you know, kicking the, kicking the balls. Like everything sucks, you know, like they're gonna reward the best people or the worst people, you know, just for Yeah, it's, it's not a, it's not great. The

0 (5m 41s):
Thing that I think is in that, I don't know if we're necessarily learning it, but I think that there's interesting and may maybe telling about the next, the next few years of the Trump administration and, and I think it's potentially a political vulnerability for 'em at some level is this, to me shows two things. One, that they are going to be uber responsive to the desires of like the most online MAGA bro, right? Like I, if you are super, you know, if you're like posting 80 bleach per day on Twitter or on truth social, and if you like know all of the characters in the extended MAGA universe, like your opinion is going to be heard in this White House.

0 (6m 26s):
And I think that that eventually becomes a vulnerability because I do, I think that there are a lot of cat more casual Trump supporters who like didn't sign up for all this, not that they're gonna like be offended by the Andrew Tate thing in particular. And micro, I just mean like is a mindset. It it, it, I think it's gonna lead them to focus on some things that probably won't be politically advantageous. And the related is like, just kind of obvious to your point. You've been, you've been kinda on, you've been on paternity leave here, so you have like a little bit more distance. So I'm curious your take on this, but like they, you could have imagined the first month of the administration where Trump is like really digging in on econ stuff, right?

0 (7m 6s):
Where he's like, and like he's doing, he's picking his culture war fights over and he is still gonna do immigration and stuff, but picking cultural fights over economy related things, you know, doing the type of thing. He'd like, a little bit of the first couple days, like having press conferences with rich guys about how they're gonna invest into the economy and, you know, doing all this talk about how people are gonna get rich and the stock market's gonna go up and like, he's not really doing that. Like, like they've been spending most of their energy on Gulf of America and like, shit like, shit like this. And I think that if the economy doesn't improve, right? Like, like this is not a short-term thing, but I think that if people's lives, if they do not feel like they're economic lives are getting better, like eventually not with the core weirdos, but with kind of the broader public, it's gonna be kind of like, why are you guys doing all that?

0 (7m 57s):
Like, like why aren't we focused more on the actual material needs? And, and I think that that becomes a little bit of a vulnerability for them over time. I don't know what you think about that.

2 (8m 7s):
Yeah, I mean I, I think that, I do think that's true. Like, I think that that, you know, if, if, if, if the question is like, does Trump retain or does he lose the median voter that he won over in 2024? I think a lot of that stuff ends up, you know, and it at least has the possibility of coming back to hurt him. But I, I dunno, I've been thinking about this stuff a lot actually while I've been kind of like out and just kind of turning it over in my mind because, because it seems like all the normies in my life, one, are just either not noticing it yet, you know, like not paying attention to really any of this stuff. And it, and it's weird. It's like, it's like a, it's like an intensified version of what's what was going on in the, during the campaign where he would say, where he would just promise to do the most insane stuff.

2 (8m 52s):
And by the time it kind of filtered down to the normal level. Like people, people couldn't almost believe that he'd even said those things because like, well, that'd be crazy, right? So like at some point in the chain of information, it must've gotten a little garbled and like, probably he said something that, that I would, I would've agreed with, right? And now he's actually doing the things and it's still kind of the same, right? It's still kind of like, well, you know, they're out there, they're trying to find the waste and the fraud and you know, all that stuff. And I guess you're right. Like, like if, if, if the economy doesn't improve, that's a thing that cuts through those narratives and, and maybe has, has a chance to shake people loose. But I, I do think, like, I don't know, i I, I don't know how far while a coyote can run off of the cliff and just keep pedaling, maybe he flies now. Maybe it's just, maybe he just never plummets and it's just, just, you know, this is just the way it is from now on.

2 (9m 36s):
I'm dooming a little, you know, maybe, maybe I'm dooming too much. It's my first day back, you know, I'm just kind of crabby.

0 (9m 41s):
You are very, you're an uncomfortable company for dooming here, as we have, again, one of, I, I've talked a lot about how the worst Americans are in charge now, and I guess Andrew is technically an American because he was born here, but then he moved overseas, but like one of the worst world citizens thought. Yeah. One of the worst. Tate, what did I say?

2 (10m):
Well, you, I, I just thought you meant me when you said

0 (10m 1s):
Andrew. Oh no. Andrew Tate. Yeah. No, I'm not including you as one of the worst world citizens. Andrew Tate, one of the worst world citizens potentially getting, getting a bonus from Donald Trump getting in and having his travel restrictions for again, human trafficking, sexual misconduct and money laundering lifted. So we'll see how that shakes out. We'll keep monitoring it. Andrew Egger, thanks for hanging out with me.

1 (10m 30s):
Lowe's nose, July 4th. Savings are worth celebrating right now. Get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off, two or more select major appliances plus get three Scotts Naturescapes, 1.5 cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through seven nine. Selection varies by location while supplies last. See lows.com for more details. Excludes Alaska and Hawaii.